[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: All of
you have heard of the word
"alchemy."
The person who made this concept
knowable to the public was
the 15th century Swiss physician
and iconoclast Paracelsus.
He married new thought
and ideas in medicine
with a classic understanding
of transforming base metals
into precious metals.
But much has changed
since then, and the term
is being used by many now, each
with their own understanding
of what it offers.
One such person
is Sarah Elkhaldy,
who equates it with the
transformation of consciousness.
Welcome, Sarah.
So you're one of
the new generation
of powerful woman, young
woman, who has actually
had a lot of very rich
and deep experiences
to bring about your own
awareness, consciousness,
expansion.
And you're out there, I've
seen you on the internet,
speaking on an
array of subjects.
And we're going to get
into some rather deep stuff
today, including the
subject of alchemy.
So first of all, your
title is the alchemist.
So what do you mean
and what are you
embracing when you use the
word alchemy or that title?
>> SARAH ELKHALDY: When
I use the term "alchemy,"
I'm specifically talking
about the spiritual amnesia,
or sometimes it's even called
in esoteric circles the perfect
possession that the human
collective is under.
So when we're looking at
the human consciousness's
natural evolution, we would look
at it as going through trials.
I call them the alchemical
backdrop to all of our lives.
So there's a spiritual
initiation at hand,
and that spiritual initiation
is the alchemical process.
So it's alchemy.
And because of that,
what is being alchemised?
What is that journey or process?
Would actually be one that's
awakening out of the deep spell
that the human
consciousness is placed
under that I call spiritual
amnesia to awaken into unity
consciousness or what some
are calling God consciousness?
That awakening is specifically
what alchemy means in the level
that I'm addressing it,
knowing that alchemy
means more than one thing.
>> REGINA: That's
why I brought it up.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Because it's a
word that carries a lot of--
well, it has a lot of different
meanings and perceptions
with it.
So good.
Now we know where you're
coming from with this.
Also, the notion of
alchemy in general
has always meant colluding
with and marrying with nature.
Does this-- how does
nature play a part
in this for your notion
of awakening and expanding
consciousness and moving into
higher realms of consciousness
from base metal consciousness?
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah so there's
always this dynamism between art
and between what we would call
nature or what another person
could just call their life.
That's what really
nature's talking about.
It's talking about the materials
around them, their environment,
the people, places, and things.
So that is interfacing.
Our reality is interfacing.
So nature is showing us some
sort of thing happening, which
is consciousness.
So it's showing us something
that's happening internally
as without.
As within, so without.
And because of that, our art is
how we interface with nature.
So our art is how our
consciousness, our free will
interfaces.
It reacts, response to
nature, which is just reality.
Now, the alchemists
used this to mean
that nature was the very
raw materials you were given
and the process that they would
naturally be on if nothing
was interfered with.
So the alchemists
came from the mindset
that nature would take too
long and would not even
evolve specifically in the
way that it intended to,
to get to that
enlightened state of gold.
It would not reach
gold, and if it did,
it would go over a
far amount of time.
So they use art, which is
the laboratory process,
or art, which is their
medicinal process.
And Paracelsus's process,
it was so holistic.
He really revolutionized
alchemy because he
brought in so many
different facets
and then reinvented our
understanding of alchemy.
All of that is art.
It was something that came in
and then created the evolution,
because what we see is
that whether it's called
predeterminism or free
will or nature and art,
there's this thing
that needs to be grown.
This muscle called free will
that needs to be exercised.
And so that muscle of
exercising freewill
will eventually go through
the alchemical process.
And then what you'll see
is that art and nature
are in a relationship together.
And that relationship is
what creates the gold.
It's not just the nature.
It's not just predeterminism.
>> REGINA: So it's not as though
nature itself has frequencies
that teach us.
>> ELKHALDY: Now,
nature is helping us.
Nature is, like I said,
the reality around us.
But if we're going to use
the alchemical laboratory
terminology of how nature
and art was being used
in that context,
how the Alchemist
was using nature
and art was saying
that the art of the great
work was really how to--
quick in, how to
improve upon nature.
So he was saying that
once again, the gold could
take one lifetime or it
could take however long
to come into gold.
So nature isn't neutral.
Nature is something that's
there for us to interact with.
And then if we choose
to use our free
will to interact
with that in a way
that it can be built
up into enlightenment.
But that nature is there to
provide us the materials.
It's not there to tell
us we must evolve.
That's where our art
comes in, and that's
what alchemy was
using that context in.
It was saying the great
work or the process,
whether it's laboratory
or spiritual,
was meant to have
our art included.
And that if our art, meaning us
going through that, if it's not
consciously participated
in that process,
nature is not going
to do it for you.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
Yeah, I agree with that.
So let's move on to one of the
really sticky and interesting
subjects, which has to do with
the bifurcation of timelines
and having to do with
levels of consciousness
and the way you
see that right now.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah.
So the bifurcation is
pretty, to me, obvious.
I think maybe even
a decade ago it
could have still been something
that was like a fringe topic
that, you know, but I
think it's very obvious
that the realms that
people are inhabiting
are becoming having
less and less in common.
>> REGINA: Yes, I agree.
>> ELKHALDY: And having so much
less in common that it looks
almost like it would be a
complete shift in what a person
truly needs for
their soul to learn.
And so I call that a curriculum.
And so how I see this and
how I use it in a paradigm
that it could just make
sense and look more neutral
rather than having any type
of harsh dogmatic projections
placed on top of it is that
it's just a curriculum shift.
If you have a
group consciousness
and they have mastered
a specific curriculum,
that freewill has
fruits, it has rewards.
And you're not just bound to
the parameters of another group
consciousness's fate.
You have, at that point,
enough of a vibrational--
you have enough of a
vibrational buildup.
And that vibrational buildup is
what creates not just a paradigm
shift, but a complete
curriculum shift
to where a new timeline all
together with even what looks
like a new future or
a new past, because
of just how much the dominant
vibration has been shifted.
So another way of saying
a curriculum shift
is when the dominant
vibration can no longer
hold the same space as
another dominant vibration.
There's just too much
of an incoherency there.
>> REGINA: I agree.
That's something that I was
speaking with my group of beings
with a few decades
ago, and they said
there will come a time in
the not too distant future
where the levels
of consciousness
are so diverse that it's no
longer serving any to stay
in the same classroom together.
Basic kindergarten lessons
they were referring to
and they don't have
any judgment around it.
It's simply these are
all lessons and learning
that happen throughout the
universe with each species
and every individuated being
is growing at their own rate.
So they say it just takes time.
Learning takes time
and experience.
So you have that
level of consciousness
and then you have those that are
in the graduate school of very
subtle understandings and
interactions with one another
and trying to really refine
how they show themselves up
as a conscious being.
And that the two would
not be able to live side
by side in the future,
and their preparations
had been made for that.
And that goes into
a whole other story.
And there are many different
versions and one of them
is the timeline
version, that this
is where timelines
bifurcate and one group
lives in a reality of
earth, that's one way.
And the other group lives in
another level of consciousness
among like-minded
beings across the board.
Both, or more than both.
Now, tell us your perception of
how you mechanically see this.
>> ELKHALDY: So
esoterica is no chill.
It's pretty savage.
And a lot of times when
I'm sharing information
that I resonate with,
but that is also
a part of deep, mystical
systems, it might sound savage,
and I understand
that, but I also
don't think that
that really applies
when you first understand
that a person has freewill.
So because of that,
things can sound harsh,
but not having
the knowledge, not
having the awareness would
actually be the cruel factor.
It wouldn't be having that
knowledge and awareness
of the reality we live in.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
OK, go ahead on that.
>> ELKHALDY: So because of
that, how I see that is that
there's a regenerative path and
there's a degenerative path.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> ELKHALDY: Mysticism had
many different names for this.
One of a very prominent
name was the life wave.
There's a life wave,
meaning that each age goes
through their own trials, they
go through their own challenges.
And if those themes have
not been made aware,
have not been
integrated, they will not
be able to carry on
in the life wave,
which is the
regenerative stream.
Meaning that that spiritual
initiation was not made aware,
that spiritual initiation
was, in some form or another,
it was not passed.
And so if that falls under
the degenerative stream,
that goes into what Pythagoras
and this Pythagorean mystery
school tradition would have
taught as metempsychosis.
It is the degeneratization.
So it's what I would
consider catabolic.
>> REGINA: Yes,
instead of anabolic.
Yeah.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah,
it's catabolic.
And so there's
still soul essence,
but-- and there's
always redemption.
There's always--
>> REGINA: Yes, and this
is really the key part,
is there's always grace
and always redemption.
And there's nothing
but time to learn,
because time doesn't exist
anyway in the way we know it.
And so looking at it that way,
I think because right now we're
reaching a point where
societally we're bifurcated,
everybody's at each
other's throats.
No one will hear each other.
And that's by design.
I don't think
that's any accident.
And it's also time.
The time has arrived
where there is
going to be that split
in consciousness.
So since there is grace
in this whole process,
then you could say
no one's left behind.
>> ELKHALDY: I would
absolutely agree.
The universe does
not perceive there
being such a concept
or paradigm of left
behind because the universe has
infinite unconditional love.
All that is required is
a being to participate
or what I was
calling earlier, art.
It's all the
alchemical backdrop,
is the backdrop to
all of our lives.
It's just a matter
of whether we see
what's happening, whether we
interact with it, whether we
participate in
our own evolution.
And that's also my
definition of ascension.
I get asked all the
time, what is ascension?
Because it can sound new
age, it could sound--
it could sound vague, it
could sound just like what
exactly how would
you digest that.
And I would say,
and I always say,
ascension is the
conscious participation
in our own evolution.
It's already happening.
If we consciously
participate in that,
then that's called ascension.
That's also--
>> REGINA: I think
that's a good definition.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah.
So because of that, if
we can always participate
and if the core rules
of this reality is we
are spiritually sovereign, then
the most infinite compassion
would be making a person
aware of their sovereignty.
And there is no such
thing as being left behind
because that would
assume that we are living
or anyone is living in a form
of innocence of not knowing.
And the universe provides
all of the catalysts.
I tell some people, I
say, it doesn't matter
about financial resources.
We don't have to look at
whatever someone else has
and apply that to ourselves.
The universe will give
you the book you need.
It will give it to you for free.
Now, it'll give you a PDF.
You have whatever you
need for your next step.
You are never left behind.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And so now we have three
completely different areas
that start dovetailing.
So when you were young
and you were first
being exposed to a lot of
information and influences,
you had contact with
extraterrestrial species.
You say both positive
and negative.
So let's talk about what
those experiences were
and what you were
taking away from both,
and how they influenced you.
>> ELKHALDY: They influenced
everything from that moment
forward.
I was even wanting to be
an actor at that time.
>> REGINA: Well, you're
certainly gorgeous enough to do
that.
>> ELKHALDY: Thank you.
But they influenced everything.
Like I, at that point,
sought out a shaman.
And then from there, that
led to me learning from her
and then being my own
version of shaman as well.
So it influenced my
whole life trajectory.
And what I had found
out was that it's
quite common for
positive beings who
connect with somebody to then--
the signal like almost goes out.
And so with that, comes
a lot of negative,
I guess you could
call it, attention
that's aware of the contact or
the connections and the things.
>> REGINA: So how did
it show up in your life?
I mean, was it a sleep thing
or, how did it show up?
>> ELKHALDY: It was
sleep, definitely,
but it was more so
just a nighttime thing.
I feared nighttime
at that point,
as soon as it
started getting dark,
because I knew that I was
going to be interacted with--
>> REGINA: So let's talk about
the good influences and what
they came for, what
they were like,
and what they showed you
before it attracted negative.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah, I was
learning about the true nature
of reality.
What I was being shown was how--
and I created a video on this.
It's how to jump timelines.
I was being shown how reality
is really just a radio station.
And so because of that,
I was on a channel.
So what I was being taught
was the nature of reality
and how it's not somewhere out
there, there's not an out there.
There's only shifting
the radio station.
>> REGINA: All frequency.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah.
So I was learning about how
dimensions and densities work,
specifically at the
time that I was then
also being contacted by things.
>> REGINA: So let's--
OK, so you were being shown
about the vibrational nature
of reality and that
it's not judgmental,
there's no judgment in it.
There are just
frequencies and we
get to choose the band we're
going to be on, really,
through our free will.
So these things, you
were starting to learn--
how old were you when this
all started happening?
>> ELKHALDY: All of this started
happening when I was around 18,
19.
>> REGINA: OK.
And then it started attracting
the other attention.
So what was the other
attention like and
what was it trying to show you
or manage or control in you?
>> ELKHALDY: It was trying
to get me to self-destruct.
[LAUGHS]
>> REGINA: Well--
[LAUGHS] it saves
them the trouble
if you'll do it for yourself.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah, it was--
it was being very intimidating.
That's when I started to
learn about psychic screens.
So I learned not by
just someone telling me.
I actually had to figure out
what psychic screens were
because I was being placed
under psychic screens
and then screen after screen.
So that was fun.
That'll make you
not trust when you
can put in screen after screen.
So it actually
ended up helping me
a lot because, one, I don't
have fear of any of those things
to like a very highly
abnormal degree.
Like I don't have fear
of many things at all
anymore because of that.
Also, I can traverse the
psychic realms almost impeccably
because of the
things that I didn't
want to learn at the
time, but my soul craved.
So it put me on a path
towards figuring out
how to heal these
interactions, what is going on
with these interactions.
And that's what really actually
was a very defining point
in my life, is connecting with
my shaman and learning from her.
>> REGINA: So it sounds like a
large part of this was teaching
you discretion on the psychic
realms at an early age.
This is a big problem right now.
People open up.
They're connecting
with something.
They have no idea what it is.
And there's a fair, you
know, we have a fair amount
of influence and interference,
every one of us on this planet,
with beings who would like to
either take a little from us
or those lovely ones who
would like to give a little.
So let's just stay
in this area moment
because I want to get into
the kind of AI agenda also.
We could stay on the
subject of ET, UFO,
the way this whole thing
is being paraded out now
that all ETs are
a threat, they're
here to take us down and wipe
out our military capabilities.
This stuff is now on mainstream
media, on the today show,
on news programs.
I'm so bored with it.
It's so flat and
one-dimensional.
But we don't really
need to go there.
We can, but we don't need to.
We don't need to.
Let's move on to
the AI part of it.
So looking at the
notion that AI,
there's a particular
agenda having
to do with consciousness
and the control
and influence these various
entities are exerting
over humanity, playing with us.
How do you perceive AI
fitting into this notion
of being played with?
And then I'm going
to ask you how
you would suggest
to people that they
can tell the difference between
entities who are actually there
for a little trickery and
a little fun versus those
who are really here to help.
We'll get to that
after this question.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah, so the AI
agenda is really one that is
quite demonic in its intent, and
it's because it's coming from
a very interesting
and specific paradigm.
We have to understand that first
if we want to really understand
from a mature and from an
objective perception, what
this paradigm that's being
invited, that we are being
invited, into is coming from.
It's coming from a paradigm
that does not believe that it
has to adhere to natural law.
It's coming first in
a paradigm that it
can create its own natural law.
So before anything, I'd
like to almost paint
this kind of how Darth
Vader became Darth Vader.
It's almost like a
villain backstory
before we can actually
start seeing--
>> REGINA: Go for it and
I'll add some things.
>> ELKHALDY: OK, great.
So it's coming first
from a perception that--
and it can get more
maniacal a few steps ahead.
But first, let's
almost look at it
like this innocent
thought in creation.
And this innocent
thought in creation
was while I'm a creator
being, I can create.
I want to explore my
capacities of being a magician.
capacities for creating.
And then you take
that thought form,
but you start infusing
it with dominance
and wanting to dominate other
people's willingness to create,
other people's
ability to create.
Now, that is the
step in all of this
where the seeds of the
transhumanism and AI agenda
come from.
It comes from that but
way further down the road.
So first, it's coming from
this capability to do,
which is funny because
it's false alchemy.
We talked earlier about how
alchemy is the interface
between art and nature.
So it's how you use
your spiritual vessel,
it's how you use your
spirit and your soul,
with your body-- mind,
body, spirit with nature.
So you're, together, creating
the alchemical process.
You're not taking
nature and you're not
taking art and pitting
them against each other.
So that would be
considered alchemy.
Now, false alchemy
or dark alchemy
is when now you
start saying, hey,
if I could take my art, which
is my consciousness and my will,
and I could do nature
better than nature,
now you're not
even taking nature
at that point, which is reality,
and saying, I honor the process
and I'm going along
with the process.
Now you're going, hey, wait
a second, I can take nature
and I can make my own nature.
I can make my own reality.
So now, what you have
at its very core,
is a thought form in
creation that says,
I can not have to
answer to universal law.
I can not to answer to karma.
I can take with this
transhumanism agenda what
its seeds are, is saying
I can be my own god
and I can dominate others with
this, using this technology.
>> REGINA: Which is also an
extension of the beings that
have been here for many,
many, many thousands of years
in the shadows.
They've been exerting
themselves in that way.
Now we have an interface, a
technology that they're actually
getting a buy-in
from humanity with,
so you don't have to
try to exert muscle
when you're having people
step into it voluntarily.
And a number of years
ago when AI was first
starting to be written
about and chatted about,
I started looking into a
lot the development of it,
who was behind it.
And one of the places
it led me was MIT.
And when I went to MIT
and started looking,
I looked at the roster
of the primary people
working in their AI development.
And I can say this, I
think with certainty,
there's a fair
amount of certainty.
It appeared, reading
about each person,
every person was
absolutely atheistic
in the truest sense of the word,
that there is no universal law,
there is no guiding or higher
intelligence of any kind.
So I'm not talking
about religious.
When I say atheism, it
means no belief in anything
more intelligent than
your own personal god
that you've created
for yourself.
You, and the technology now,
by an extension of that.
So what I found was
exactly in alignment
with what you're saying, even
down to an institutional level.
>> ELKHALDY: Yes.
Yeah.
And atheism, how you
pointed out the nuance
is so important because
right now, we're
in a lot of inflammation, so
we can't hear about anything
without really placing on it
our own projections first.
But if we look at
atheism, not as it being,
well, atheism is bad--
>> REGINA: Doesn't
mean non-Christian,
non Judeo-Christian, non-- no.
That's not it.
You explain what it is.
>> ELKHALDY: No, you're
absolutely right.
It's a false dialectic.
It's a dialectic
to go atheism, bad,
that means religion is good.
So humanity is caught
in a false dialectic.
Yeah, constantly.
And because of that, we
project things onto anything.
And that would keep us
at the most basic level
that we have power and
agency to exercise,
that would keep us
away from having
true intimacy with anything.
Because if we just
look at atheism now,
how you portrayed
it as it not being
this thing that means that,
well, that religion is positive.
Now, if we just look
at atheism, it's
coming from a belief
that not against a God,
but just having them be the
core, most dominant, powerful
will.
>> REGINA: Correct.
And when you create an
extended technology of that,
that's the corrupted base of it.
>> ELKHALDY: Yes.
>> REGINA: To assume,
like you said,
there are no universal laws,
there are no laws of nature that
supersede your creation and what
you're going to perpetuate upon
the public.
>> ELKHALDY: That's also known
as the corruption of the term do
as thou wilt.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
So here we are, now
what do you see--
I mean, I know you already
explained it very nicely,
but any extension
of what you just
said about our interfacing with
it because it's being made,
like everything
beguiling and sexy,
as something that this will
make your life so easy.
Jump in, jump onto
the AI bandwagon.
And so how do you
respond to that
with a lot of your
followers, a lot
of young people who are now
playing with AI quite a bit
because it makes things easier?
You can write a term
paper faster with AI.
>> ELKHALDY: I, funny enough,
attract a lot of people who are
deep into AI and AI--
>> REGINA: Yeah.
How do you speak to them?
>> ELKHALDY: I tell them, I have
to go all the way radical this
way because by the time
it reaches the mainstream,
it's going to get so diluted
that they might pull away
something that helps
balance them out.
>> REGINA: I see, yeah.
>> ELKHALDY: So because of that,
I feel like I have to be a lot
more stern on this topic just
because there's not enough
voices amplifying
this reality of AI.
And there's a lot more
power and momentum that's
amplifying the reality of,
oh, AI is how you evolve.
And that's the
de-evolutionary pathway.
That is actually
what it would look
like to a being that is,
one, wanting to assert
its will over another.
And so because of that, it
is a service to self-pathway.
It's selling you evolution
when it's actually
a pathway of de-evolution.
>> REGINA: Yeah, I
agree with you on that.
We're not going to avoid it.
It's ever been throughout
the universe forever.
It was destined
to be here again.
It's not the first
time it's been here.
We have ancient, ancient times--
AI already existed,
but it's always,
depending on the nature of
the subtlety of the beings
in a given planet or region
or quadrant of the universe,
we always have to
decide how we're
going to interface with this
very de-evolutionary thing
you're talking about.
And we're at that huge
choice point right now.
How are we going to engage?
How are we going to teach
our children to engage?
What do we carve out
as our uniqueness
as human beings and our
own evolutionary path?
And I think that's
what you're just
addressing with your
audience, it sounds like.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah, and
if humanity had a level
of consciousness that can
reflect healthy technology,
this would all be in
balance and proportion.
So it would not be something
that would degenerate us.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
and we can do that.
We can take it there.
>> ELKHALDY: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: We can control
the outcome of it.
And I think people are often
fearing that because we're
saying these things, oh
my god, the game is over
because it's going to take--
it's not going to take over.
That's up to us.
>> ELKHALDY: No, not at all.
As a matter of
fact, it could help
a person propel
their own evolution
as long as they're aware of what
is the positive technology that
can help us evolve and what is
the negative and detrimental
technology that's meant
to literally not help us.
>> REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>> ELKHALDY: --devolve.
>> REGINA: Well, and one of
the areas that you come back
to constantly, as do I,
is the nature of freewill.
And it is such a loaded topic,
and I became very annoyed
about a year ago,
almost a year ago,
when an author came out with
a book called Determined,
by Dr. Robert Sapolsky
out of Stanford.
And this is complex
and interesting,
which is why it's important
for us to talk about it
because people are being guided
away from freewill with AI.
I mean, that's one of the
agents that's taking people away
from their own freewill.
Freely just giving up
their will to this thing.
So he was doing a
wonderful job in detailing
all the different scientific
experiments where something
was predetermined because of a
cellular reaction on some level.
And he did a great job,
and he had a line in there
in the first 50 pages of
the book basically saying,
consciousness, who knows
what consciousness, come on.
Blew right past that and
wrote a book on freewill
because he doesn't
believe there's
anything higher than his
own perception and mind.
So let's talk about the
complexities of freewill,
because it's very complex.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Because it's
not what he said was wrong.
Yeah, it's true.
If you're meat, a biochemical
sack of meat, that's all true.
A lot of things
are predetermined.
Your reaction will
be predetermined,
but that doesn't have to do with
the consciousness you possess.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah, and
that's actually speaking
to what's called in
mysticism, the general law.
That's talking about the
lowest level of reality.
So there's higher
levels of reality
that a person can
access, and that
is being accessed the
more that we evolve.
And this was known in mysticism
through Gurdjieff's work, which
is I come from, The Fourth Way.
So Gurdjieff's works talks
about these different octaves
and how many laws have to guide
and govern a consciousness
until that consciousness can
start supporting an awakening,
and then less laws guard you.
So what he's talking about is
actually the base consciousness.
>> REGINA: The very base.
>> ELKHALDY: What he's pointing
to and what all physics
at the moment has been pointing
to, and then they get confused
and they come back to the
drawing board about it,
is they're pointing
to particle physics.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> ELKHALDY: And they're
basically saying, look,
their strongest
argument is quite sick.
Their strongest argument
was using this example
of a man who could not help his
sexual perversions because he
had a tumor in his pineal gland.
>> REGINA: These
kinds of instances,
the book is full of these.
>> ELKHALDY: OK.
Yeah, and I'm aware
of all of them,
and this is their
strongest point.
I'm actually not
making them look bad.
I'm giving you their
strongest argument.
I'm being fair.
>> REGINA: I am, too.
>> ELKHALDY: It's kind of sick.
>> REGINA: I am,
too, because yes,
that's accurate on
a biochemical level.
But this has nothing
to do with the totality
of the consciousness
of the human being.
In their world, the human
being doesn't possess a soul.
>> ELKHALDY: Right.
>> REGINA: So of course,
they're going to come to these
conclusions.
But the thing that
really ticked me off
is you don't hear about
the subject of freewill
in its grandest, most complex
sense ever making the news.
This thing was in every major
publication within two weeks
of its release.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah, I mean,
that doesn't surprise me,
but the narratives that want to
get pushed are the ones that get
pushed.
You could look at them
like a sea of them
and whichever ones
just fit and tailor
to create the narrative
that you want to create,
those are the ones
that get amplified.
Those are the ones
that get pushed
and those are the ones we
become the most aware of.
When I saw how particle
physics was really
at the origins of how there's
no such thing as freewill,
all that did was
just make me go,
am I smarter than the
smartest people alive?
>> REGINA: I know, I'm
thinking the same thing.
>> ELKHALDY: Am I just--
[LAUGHS]
>> REGINA: No, it's just you're
more expanded in your awareness.
These people are
intellectually-endowed,
but they have no
understanding of anything
beyond that level, that
base level of consciousness.
>> ELKHALDY: Well, they're
just too smart to function.
>> REGINA: They're
too smart to function.
But the reason I
bring this up is
because you and I are chatting.
We have a wonderful
audience here.
These are really lovely
souls that are watching.
And most of them
know these things
innately that
we're talking about
and love having either
new information to guide
them or reinforcement of
things that they already know.
But this is a subject that
has to go to the mainstream
ultimately.
And so getting this message
out in the most palatable way
to the public is really
what I'm interested in,
to the public at large.
>> ELKHALDY: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: How do
you approach that?
>> ELKHALDY: So freewill needs
to be obscured so that we
don't access it.
And that's why there's so
much confusion around there.
What freewill actually does
is anchor a being's awareness
into their timeline.
What that means is that
they would be on what
we would know as destiny.
We would be accessing destiny.
>> REGINA: Determined,
destined, yeah.
>> ELKHALDY: So we would be
accessing the higher levels,
the higher potentials
for a paradigm shift,
the higher potentials for our
personal life if we actually
start asserting and becoming
aware and accessing more
and more freewill.
So we could even look at this
as the evolutionary journey is
the development
of the willpower,
and the development of the
willpower would be one that--
it goes back to the
alchemical journey,
it all comes back to alchemy--
be going through the
process that's already
happening that I call
ascension or evolution,
but that participating
in that because you
have to participate in nature.
We have to become
aware of things.
And that is what
in mysticism, knows
as giving you more freewill.
We get a little bit of
freewill, just a little bit.
And that's what--
particle physics
or the tumor in your brain.
And then we grow from
that by using it,
by exercising it
like a feedback loop.
So the most important
takeaway about freewill
is understanding
that it actually
anchors you in a positive way.
It anchors your awareness
into a timeline that cannot be
obstructed, it cannot
be interfered with.
And that's why there's so
much confusion around it,
it's because then
you can just go
into the collective general
law and there's a lot more--
there's more forces in
the general law that
can overpower a person's
consciousness if that person's
consciousness is not stepping
into their sovereignty.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> ELKHALDY: So spiritual
sovereignty is another way
of saying freewill.
There's so many different ways
to describe this same process,
but really, it's one of
saying that, by default,
some other fate, you will be
a part of if you do not anchor
your freewill into a timeline
where it would eventually
lead to a person's destiny,
it would eventually
lead to what their highest
potential would be.
And that is beyond
the general law.
That is beyond the
collective fate.
And so you have this
fate versus destiny,
and destiny being that
higher-self version of reality.
So with that, how you get any
of that is through freewill.
Because of that, freewill is
now looked at like an illusion
or it's looked as
a religious notion.
It's purposely put
into a division.
It's just made to
look like either
or, it's made to look
like the other way, all
because it's so powerful you
have to dissect it and turn it
into these hyper-divisions
of religion
or it being an
illusion specifically
to confuse you from not
accessing it and applying it.
>> REGINA: Well said.
I totally agree
with all of that.
It's very well, you
said it very well.
And so then the
question becomes,
when we're utilizing our
freewill, what aspect of self
are we listening to?
And that's the confusing
part, because the,
kind of hermetically
speaking, lower mind part that
also has to do with
biochemical responses,
addictions, ancestral
patterns, all of that
stuff that we're
impregnated with at birth.
I mean, yes, that's true,
we're steeped in that stew.
That doesn't have anything
to do with that higher
aspect of ourselves that is here
to discern what we live with
and what we let go
of, and then what
we start magnetizing toward.
And that has to come from
the higher mind/soul complex.
So as a teacher of
your generation,
how do you explain to
people the best way
and a very practical
mechanical terms
to connect to their higher self
so that the decisions they make
are in alignment with their soul
and the soul's desire to express
something in this lifetime?
Dharma or whatnot.
>> ELKHALDY: I view the higher
mind as being the guiding light
or the guidance
for the lower mind.
And the connection between the
higher mind, guiding and helping
integrate and heal
the lower mind
would actually be done
through the emotional body.
And that's what I
was talking about
earlier about the whole
journey is actually
a development of the will.
The willpower is
our emotional body.
Our emotional body is not
separate from the will.
It's almost what drives,
what informs our--
>> REGINA: Desire?
>> ELKHALDY: Yes.
So what drives what
informs the will?
Desire.
So this whole
process of evolution
is actually one
where the higher mind
you could look at as being
already in an enlightened state.
The higher mind is
guiding the lower mind
through a cleansing process
of the emotional body.
So it has to do
with things, almost
you could look at in the sense
of the mind is acting out
in a way because it
has not had equilibrium
with the emotional body.
And once you see
that equilibrium rise
with the emotional body,
then the lower mind
is the higher mind,
the lower mind has--
the inflammation of the
lower mind has calmed down
and it's no more and it's
integrated into the higher mind.
So the lower mind will never
be able to figure out the lower
mind through the lower mind.
>> REGINA: No, and that's
all we use day to day.
We only use the lower mind.
I mean, it's really
important to point.
That's why I like hermetic
languaging, because the lower
mind-- you're absolutely right--
it's the functional part that
keeps us on time and getting the
groceries and feeding our kids
and all that.
That's lower mind activity.
But the infusion and connection
between the higher mind
and lower mind is tricky
when you have so much noise,
distraction, and manipulation.
And so the mechanics
of being able to hear
this little voice, this
wonderful voice whispering
to us constantly
of the higher mind
and not being distracted
by these lower mind
messages and such is, to me,
that's the Holy Grail right now.
>> ELKHALDY: Yes.
>> REGINA: --the higher mind.
>> ELKHALDY: And it all comes
back to really basic things
because, remember, the emotional
body or the will is not
as developed as the higher mind.
So because of that, its
steps look super basic
and we overpass
them all the time
because our emotional
body is that
of almost like kindergartens.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
>> ELKHALDY: So because of that,
it just looks like things that
look like developmental wounds.
So many times--
>> REGINA: It's true.
>> ELKHALDY: But so many
times, I can see that a person
doesn't understand what I'm
saying in esoteric teachings
and esoteric knowledge.
And it's not because
of esotericism at all.
It's because
developmental wounds.
Developmental issues
are exactly what
needs to be healed
in order for us
to be integrated
into the higher mind.
So because of that, we
need to look at things
from a very honest, very
transparent lens, which
is I have shame arise.
I'm jealous.
Very basic things
that we had not
been able to really honor
and be super honest about.
And that's actually what's
going to help not just the lower
mind, that's going to be
pretty much the assignment.
>> REGINA: That is.
That's the hard work
on earth right now.
Exactly contending
with these feelings
we have and not
self-flagellation over them.
We all have them.
We have been programmed to
have those influences stronger
in our field.
Everything around us
and surrounding us
has been to make us feel
shameful of what we are,
which is an agenda.
And again, same thing.
We keep going back
to the same agendas.
Now, being run through
technology, which I
take great exception to
on behalf of humanity.
I do not like what's
going on here.
So listening to the subtlety
and beauty, like you say,
you have the emotions.
We have to contend
with them and learn
to allow them to just be and
to love them and say it's OK.
These are natural
feelings, but I
think we can do better
as we move along here.
So that's what we're doing,
purifying the emotions.
So it's in connection with
the lower mind already,
but cleaning ourselves
up enough emotionally
to where the messages that
we'll hear from the higher mind
are not a threat.
Those directives,
we say, yeah, I
can do that, I can embrace that.
And then the desire
becomes so strong,
which is a very
higher form, a higher
form of expression of the
emotions in its pure sense.
>> ELKHALDY: Well, it's
the de-armoring of the ego.
>> REGINA: Yes, a
good way to put it.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah.
That's our own barriers are
ones of either inferiority
or superiority, and that's just
keeping a lot of distraction
internally, a lot of
internal conflict.
We oscillate in between
inferiority superiority.
The de-armoring is what
actually just allows
what's already naturally
there, the higher self.
>> REGINA: Just to accept it
in ourselves and each other.
We're all flawed.
We're humans.
We're still on this plane.
We have work to do.
That's OK.
But again, what you
say about allowing
the lower mind and the emotions
to come into more balance
so that they can begin marrying
and communicating clearly
with the higher mind.
That's where our
freewill comes in
as a beautiful element
of life and not directed
by lower subconscious desires.
That's different.
Those are, I mean,
addictions and such, right?
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah.
And whatever we
don't become aware of
could somehow be used against
us in the court of the universe.
So really, the more
aware we become,
the more we could go, OK,
wow, that triggered me.
Why did that trigger me?
That is all freewill.
Because now we are
not just a robot.
We are not just--
>> REGINA: A response.
>> ELKHALDY: --a response,
a reflex to our environment.
Now we have presence.
We have awareness that
gives us more agency.
>> REGINA: I absolutely
agree with you.
We're in alignment on
a lot of things here.
We could sit and chat all day
about a few of these things,
but we're almost out of time,
so any final thoughts you have
that you want to
pass on to viewers
to take home and use a little
tool of some kind here.
>> ELKHALDY: Yeah,
I do a daily thing.
It comes quite natural.
I laugh at myself.
I laugh at myself because that
de-armors the ego, the lower
mind the most.
I laugh at myself because
when you're laughing,
that's actually your higher
self and you connecting more.
So I think that the more
we can laugh at ourselves,
what we're doing,
it's not weakness,
it's not weakness at all.
It's a remarkable strength to
be able to look at ourselves
or even the predicaments
we're in or even just whatever
it that is really keeping
us in a hypertension
and laugh at ourselves.
And what that
actually ends up doing
is allowing that de-armoring
process to happen.
And that allows the alignment
of our emotional body
to come in more.
The reason why we don't laugh
as much about our predicaments
or the divine comedy
is specifically
in degree with how
much freewill we have.
And that's ultimately
why the Divine Comedy
was called The Divine Comedy.
So I would like the audience
to know that the Divine Comedy,
if we could see
that, we already have
more spiritual sovereignty
because we understand
that we can laugh with it.
>> REGINA: Hear, hear.
Totally agree with that one.
Start the day with it.
Thank you so much, Sarah.
You've offered a lot of really
brilliant insights today,
and I'm sure we'll
be seeing you again.
>> ELKHALDY: Appreciate it.
>> REGINA: To learn
more about Sarah's work,
you can go to the
alchemist.community.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[AUDIO LOGO]